Except most people I have seen concerned by the use of a black elf also support the show having a storyline set in Harad or the East. Both lands which are non-white mono-cultures as far as description provided. That sets a contradiction to your claim. How are people less comfortable with black people if they prefer a more lore-accurate story set in a land of black and Asian peoples?  Unless they present this black elf as a half-elf half-Haradrim, it breaks the established lore. The description of the races of Middle Earth are considered a very important topic to fans, that is why you also see outrage over hairstyling of elves and the lack of a beard on the dwarf woman.  >LOTR is not that. It looked like what you'd expect from a LOTR trailer, and it just happened to have a black dude in it. I honestly didn't think about that for more than a second.  No. It was not at all what I expected for a trailer into the world of Middle Earth. It looked so unlike what most people envision that world to be, so clean and modernised despite being set thousands of years prior to LOTR. Great that you didn't think about it for more than a second, you probably aren't that big of a fan then.   >Essentially, someone seeing this trailer and thinking its political believes that it's political to have a black person in a movie. They notice race, and they care about race, and they think things that featured all white people in the past, are in some kind of whites only silo.  No, it is the concerted effort they have made (and admitted to doing so) to disregard the lore. They had plenty opportunity to discuss the stories of the Blue Wizards that moved East, but they haven't.    Most that take issue with this decision care for the accurate use of race, not the removal of non-whites altogether. Just because it is fantasy does not mean they should not break lore. People don't like the comparison but it is true, if a white man were to play the role of Wakandans it would not make sense. Both are stupid takes on a diverse cast that ignore the natural laws of the fictional world in which they exist. Black people exist already in Middle Earth, so why did they not use that opportunity?  >To change my view, please explain why the race of the characters matters. I would get the controversy if the character was "black", but it's just an actor who happens to be a black person.   He isn't wearing white-face is he? So it is a black character.  >I would also understand if race was critical to the story or the characters; but it isn't. So please explain how having a black actor in the movie negatively impacts the story in any way.  It is. Just because you do not care about the source material enough does not mean others do not have a right to be upset by a perceived change. LOTR fans want a story told accurate to the world already built, not for drastic changes. The existence of a black elf could change a lot about the established lore. That is a negative impact.  Really, someone will always be upset by how they adapt fictions of this scale. Just because this time it involves a black man doesn't mean that their fervent inflexibility is racism.

OP won’t respond to you because he’s only here to stir up shit.