That was a lot to say about Hoffa's life.  And if that's all there was, if Hoffa had just died in obscurity after getting out of prison, it would be a moderately interesting story where you couldn't tell if he's supposed to be the hero or the villain.  But that's not what happened.  Probably, we think.  Here's where the story gets interesting.  Jimmy Hoffa was last seen on July 30, 1975. He's believed to have had a meeting that day with a member of the Detroit Partnership (our very own mafia) named Anthony 'Tony' Giacalone, who the FBI investigators believed was attempting to mediate between Hoffa and Provenzano, at a restaurant in Bloomfield Township, Michigan (right down the road, it's fascinating local history for me).  Hoffa noted Giacolone's initials and the time and location of the meeting on his office calendar:  >TG—2 p.m.—Red Fox.  Hoffa left his home, stopped by a friend's office, talked to some staff and left a message when his friend turned out to not be there.  Sometime after 2, he called home, informing his wife that he'd been stood up and that he would be home by 4.  He made a few more phone calls, chatted with some locals at the restaurant who recognized him, and left by 2:50, according to witnesses, in a car with two or three other people, despite having driven his own car there.  And that was the last anybody admitted to seeing him alive. Giacalone claimed not to have scheduled a meeting with Hoffa and had an alibi placing him nowhere near the restaurant, or even in the same town, all day. Provenzano, who is believed to have also been supposed to be at the meeting, wasn't even in the state.  However, the car described by witnesses eventually turned out to belong to Giacalone's son Joseph, and police dogs indicated that Hoffa had been present in the car (decades later, in 2001, DNA testing matched a hair found in the car with a sample from Hoffa's brush). And according to FBI investigation, nobody in the Mafia wanted to talk about what happened to Hoffa, certainly not to investigators, but not even when they believed they were alone while under surveillance.  Not immediately afterward, not on the anniversary or any other time you'd expect people would want to talk about it.  Not. Ever.  An unnamed witness later identified the three men in the car with Hoffa as Salvatore and Gabriel Briguglio and Thomas Andretta, close associates of Provenzano.  However, no case was brought to trial.  According to the FBI Detroit office's agent in charge, Kenneth Walton:  >I'm comfortable I know who did it, but it's never going to be prosecuted because we would have to divulge informants, confidential sources.  So why all the fuss about where Hoffa's body is? Because we don't know, and people love mysteries, especially about famous dead dudes.  In this case, nobody knows if Hoffa was even actually murdered, one popular theory is that this was an elaborate attempt to fake his death in order to shake his checkered past.  If he was murdered, nobody knows whodunnit, although the evidence absolutely seems to point to Provenzano ordering a hit on him, other popular theories include that the current leadership of the Teamsters ordered the hit, or some agent of the US government who wanted Hoffa silenced ( I believe this was first proposed by Hoffa associate, Joseph Franco, in his book *Hoffa's Man*).  But the big mystery everybody wants to answer: where's the body? Half my damn county has been dug up at one point or another looking for Hoffa's corpse: farms, fields, swimming pools, driveways, any place where a body might have been buried 40+ years ago.  Some people swear that Hoffa wasn't killed here at all, but that he was taken back to the East coast and killed in New York or New Jersey (or that he was killed in Michigan and the body transported there, or to Florida or any number of places).    Possibly the most popular theory is that he was buried under what later became one of the end zones of Giant's Stadium in East Rutherford, NJ, or under the 10 yard line.  The FBI probably didn't buy this one, since they didn't show up when the stadium was demolished in 2010, but the Mythbusters did look into it in the early 2000s, checking the theorized locations in the stadium with ground-penetrating radar.    A worker at a New Jersey landfill claimed that he personally buried Hoffa's body in a steel drum.  The FBI investigated this last year, no word yet on what they found.  That's silly, of course, nobody would bother taking a guy they wanted to murder out of Michigan, we're rich in places to hide bodies!   The people who claim the government whacked Hoffa tend to say that he was dumped into one of the Great Lakes afterward (I've never seen a version of "Da gubbamint did it!" where he wasn't dumped in a lake, although a lot of them leave out the detail from Franco's book that they pushed the body off a plane into the lake).    My preferred theory? GM's Renaissance Center in Detroit was under construction during that time.  If you're going to hide a body, putting a 70+ story building on top of it is certainly one way. I've never found a solid timeline for the construction of the site to know which buildings were already up before Hoffa's death, it's entirely possible he might be under one of the other buildings in the center. Another mobster/Hoffa associate, Marvin "The Weasel" Elkind, claimed this was the case in a 2011 book, *The Weasel: A Double Life in the Mob*, but this was a popular theory locally well before then.  And no, if Hoffa did fake his death, he's probably not still alive today; he would be 109.

I’m pretty sure Frank Sheeran admitted to killing Hoffa before he died in 2003